= polypaperclip

An adaptation of paperclip that uses a central attachments table so that you can attach many files to a given model without adding large amounts of database columns

  class Page < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_attachment :primary_image, 
      :styles => {:large => "300x300", :thumb => "100x100"}
    has_attachment :secondary_image, 
      :styles => {:large => "200x200", :thumb => "50x50"}
  end
  
== Installing

Polypaperclip works with Rails 3 only. 

Add polypaperclip to your Gemfile. 

  gem 'polypaperclip'
  
Generate the migration that creates the attachments table for you. The migration adds an index for optimized querying.

  rails g polypaperclip:migration
  
== Performance Note

If you're going to be referencing these attachments in massive queries, don't forget:

  Page.include(:primary_image_attachment, :secondary_image_attachment)
  
This will eliminate n+1 query situations which can adversely impact performance.

== TODO

* has_many_attachments
* validations?

== Special Thanks

Thanks to Coyne Design (http://www.coyne-design.com/) for granting MIT license to this gem.

== Contributing to polypaperclip
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Dan Pickett. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

